
Title: q_01
1)	What does the acronym CSMA/CA stand for?
a.	Collision Sense Master Access/Collision Avoidance
b.	Collision Sensory Medium Access/Collision Avoidance
c.	Collision Sense Medium Access/Collision Avoidance
d.	Collection Sense Medium Access/Collision Avoidance


Title: q_02
2)	What has the longest waiting time and has the lowest priority for medium access is:
a.	DCF inter-frame spacing
b.	SIFS
c.	PCF inter-frame spacing
d.	DFC inter-frame spacing

Type: MR
Title: q_03
3)	The refinements of the DCP Scheme provide priority-based access using three values for IFS. Which of the following are they?  Choose all that apply.
a.	SIFS
b.	PIFS
c.	DIFS 
d.	RIFS


Title: q_04
4)	Stations with time-sensitive traffic are controlled by the point coordinator while remaining traffic contends for access using
a.	CMSA
b.	DIFS
c.	CSMA	
d.	DFIS

Type: MR
Title: q_05
5)	Which statements are true regarding fragmentation?  Choose all that apply.
a.	Wireless LANs can have high bit error rates. 
b.	802.11 uses fragmentation to increase the frame error rate
c.	The probability of frame errors is much higher for wireless links 
d.	802.11 uses fragmentation to reduce the frame error rate

Type: MR
Title: q_06
6)	In the Mac Data Frame Type CF-Ack which apply?  Choose all that apply.
a.	Does not carry data
b.	Carries data
c.	Contention-based service
d.	Contention-free service


Title: q_07
7)	In the frame exchange protocol for IEEE 802.11 when a station receives a data frame from another station what happens?
a.	it returns an acknowledgment (AKC) frame to the source station
b.	it returns an acknowledgment (ACK) frame to the source station
c.	it deposits an acknowlegment (ACG) frame to the source station
d.	it doesn't do anything


Title: q_08
8)	MAC algorithm distributed foundation wireless MAC (DFWMAC) provides a distributed access control mechanism with an optional centralized control built on the bottom
a.	True
b.	False


Title: q_09
9)	What is the lower sublayer of the MAC layer referred to as?
a.	the point coordination function (PCF) 
b.	the distribute cooperation function (DCF)
c.	the distributed coordination function (DCF)
d.	the primary coordination function (PCF)


Title:q_10
10)	What is the function of the point coordination function (PCF)?
a.	is a centralized MAC algorithm used to provide contention-free service
b.	makes use of simple algorithm
c.	provides access to all traffic
d.	none of the above


Title:q_11
11)	If the medium is idle, the station will NOT transmit; otherwise the station must wait until the current transmission is complete before transmitting
a.	True
b.	False


Title:q_12
12)	Why does the DCF include a collision avoidance function (CSMA/CA)?
a.	none of the answers
b.	because collision detection(CSMA/CD) is practical on a wireless network
c.	because collision detection (CSMA/CD) is not practical on a wireless network
d.	because collection detection (CLMA/CD) is not practical on a wireless network


Title:q_13
13)	which is NOT one of the six control frame subtypes for the MAC control frame?
a.	Power Save-Poll (PS-Poll)
b.	Request to Send (RTS)
c.	Clear to Send (CTS)
d.	Contention (CT)


Title:q_14
14)	What are the four data-carrying frames in the MAC data frame format?
a.	Data, Data CF+Ack,Data + CF-Poll,Data + CF-Ack + CF-Poll
b.	CF-Ack, CF-Poll, CF-Ack+ CF-Poll,NUll
c.	Null,Data, Data CF+Ack,Data + CF-Poll
d.	Data, CF-ACK, Data + CF-Poll,Data + CF-Ack + CF-Poll


Title:q_15
15)	What is the purpose of the MAC management frame format?
a.	Used to manage communications between stations and ASP
b.	Used to manage communications between stations and APs
c.	Used to manage communications between SID and PSP
d.	Used to manage communications between stations only


Title:q-16
16)	Sleeping without missing any messages is referred to as;
a.	synchronization
b.	roaming
c.	power management
d.	scanning


Title: q_17
17)	Transmission power shouldn’t exceed regulatory limits
a.	True
b.	False

Type: MR
Title: q_18
18)	Which statements are true about rogue AP?  Choose all that apply.
a.	Connected to your network
b.	Connect to the internet via cell or relay
c.
d.	Denial of Service

Type: MR
Title: q_19
19)	Which Wifi implementations lack mutual (two way) authentication, present day attacks?  Choose all that apply.
a.	Mac spoofing
b.	Karma
c.	Evil Twin	
d.	WEP

Type: MR
Title: q_20
20)	Which of the following are Wifi vulnerabliites?  Choose all that apply.
a.	Lacks weak mutual authentication
b.	MAC Spoofing 
c.	RC4 weak keys;AirSnort, WEPCrack, and dweputils
d.	WEP vulnerablities


Title: q_21
21)	Which is NOT a WEP weakness?
a.	WEP does not prevent replay attacks
b.	WEP does not Prevent forgery of packets
c.	Improperly uses Rc6
d.	Problem in the RC-4 algorithm


Title: q_22
22)	What does the acronymn TKIP stand for?
a.	Temperal Key Integration Protocol
b.	Temperal Key Integrity Promise
c.	Temperary key Integrity Protocol
d.	Temporal Key Integrity Protocol


Title: q_23
23)	What year was TKIP created?
a.	2001
b.	1998
c.	1987
d.	2002

Type: MR
Title: q_24
24)	Which are security features improvements of TKIP?  Choose all that apply.
a.	Implement a key mixing function that combines secret root key with Initialization Vector (IV) before passing it to RC4 cipher
b.	WEP merely concatenated the IV with root key and passed to RC4, A sequence counter was added to protect against replay attacks. Packets received out of order ate to be rejected by the access point.
c.	TKIP implements a 64-bit Message Integrity Check (MIC)
d.	None of the above
